bring brought brought Alex tries to bring
snacks to meetings yesterday he brought
cookies he brought them every time since
build built built built built built built
Dan wants to build a treehouse.
He built one as a kid.
He's built better ones as an adult.
Buy.
Bought.
Kate wants to buy new shoes.
Last week, she bought some, but they broke.
She's bought better ones now.
Choose.
Chose.
Chosen.
Max wants to choose wisely.
He chose a fun game to play.
He's chosen the best one for today.
Drink.
Drunk.
Liz tries to drink water.
Yesterday, she drank only soda.
She's drunk so much soda, she's
rethinking her habits.
Drive.
Drove.
Driven.
Bob wants to drive across the country.
He drove to the coast last summer.
He's driven to so many places now.
Eat.
Ate.
Eaten.
Mia wants to eat healthier.
Yesterday, she ate five cookies.
She's eaten more vegetables since then.
Fall.
Fell.
Fallen.
Tom tries not to fall off his bike.
Last week, he fell hard.
He's fallen many times, but he's getting better.
Forget.
Forgot.
Forgotten.
Amy tries not to forget birthdays.
She forgot her moms last year.
She's forgotten many important dates
since then.
Grow.
Grew.
Grown.
Lisa wants to grow a garden.
Last year, she grew tomatoes.
She's grown even more vegetables since then.